Kaptain 1.2.0-1.0.0 GA Release (#3430)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kaptain/1.2.0-1.0.0/version-policy/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Version Support Policy
title: Version Support Policy
menuWeight: 5
excerpt: Kaptain's supported version policy
beta: false
enterprise: false
---

D2iQ supports `N-2` of the latest `MAJOR.MINOR` release of Kaptain.

> With the GA release of Kaptain 1.0.0, support continues for Kaptain 1.0, 0.6, and 0.5, including all patch releases.
> Support for Kaptain 0.4.0 expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the GA release of Kaptain 1.0.0, support continues for Kaptain 1.0, 0.6, and 0.5, including all patch releases.  Support for Kaptain 0.4.0 expires.
```

> Users should upgrade their Kaptain installations clusters with every new release to stay up to date with the latest features and bug fixes.

Reviewer: My understanding is that Kaptain does not currently support in place 'upgrades'.  I.e. you must uninstall and reinstall Kaptain if you wish to use a newer version.    

If so, then I don't think we should use the word 'upgrade' here.  Instead, I'd suggest:

```suggestion
D2iQ recommends that you install the newest Kaptain version available to stay up to date with the latest features and bug fixes.
```

## Supported Konvoy Versions

Kaptain 1.0.0 runs on Konvoy 1.7.

## Supported Kommander Versions

Kaptain 1.0.0 is not yet supported on Kommander.

> Note that it is possible to use [Kommander's Dex instance](../custom-configuration/external-dex) for authenticating users in Kaptain.

Reviewer: These two sentences seem to contradict each other.  Please clarify what we mean by 'not yet supported'?   Is that you cannot install Kaptain using Kommander?  Or something else?

Reviewer 2: You cannot install Kaptain from Kommander but you can use Kommander's Dex instance for authentication.
